feature 530 use case descriptions (#541)
dtcenter/METplus: docs/use_cases/model_applications/medium_range/README.rst

Medium Range
------------

> Lower resolution model configuration (>4km) usually producing forecasts out to 7-14days. Also referred to as global models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lower resolution model configuration (>4km) usually producing forecasts out to 7-14 days (also referred to as global models)
```
